Release version 0.3.0.0 (#80)
tweag/capability: ChangeLog.md

* Make HasSource and HasSink superclasses of HasState.
  See [#75](https://github.com/tweag/capability/pull/75)

> * Allow to retain capabilities in zoom and magnify.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Handlers `zoom` and `magnify` can now carry capabilities over from the context.
```

(mostly because “allow to” is ungrammatical in English)

  See [#73](https://github.com/tweag/capability/pull/73)

> * Introduce the TypeOf type-family and capability short-cuts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Introduce functional capabilities and the `TypeOf` type family.
```

I'm introducing a piece of terminology here. I'm using it in documentation that I will submit soon.
